CHANGELOG Completion for VM v5 Release (#908)
ethereumjs/ethereumjs-vm: packages/vm/CHANGELOG.md

  PR [#833](https://github.com/ethereumjs/ethereumjs-vm/pull/833)
- `ethereumjs-common` `v1` -> `@ethereumjs/common` `v2`

**Breaking**: If you pass in instances of these libraries to the VM please make sure to
update these library versions as stated. Please also take a note on the
package name changes!

All these libraries are now written in `TypeScript` and use promises instead of
callbacks for accessing their APIs.

### New StateManager Interface

There is now a new `TypeScript` interface for the `StateManager`, see
PR [#763](https://github.com/ethereumjs/ethereumjs-vm/pull/763). If you are
using a custom `StateManager` you can use this interface to get better

> assurance that you are using a `StateManager` going conform with the current

Reviewer: ```suggestion
assurance that you are using a `StateManager` which conforms with the current
```

> `StateManager` API and therefore running in the VM without problems.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`StateManager` API and will run in the VM without problems.
```
